Update the guideline of RFC tracking issues (#13)
apache/tvm-rfcs: README.md

    - The formal RFC may link back to the original discussion if there is
      additional context or discussion, but all of the final feature design
      must be completely described in the pull request.

> - **Tracking Issue**: When the RFC review is nearly done and about to merge,
>   a tracking issue will be created in the main TVM repository with the

Author: ```suggestion
- **Tracking Issue**: When the RFC review is about to merge, a committer
  should remind authors to open a tracking issue in the main TVM repository with the
```

    - The formal RFC may link back to the original discussion if there is
      additional context or discussion, but all of the final feature design
      must be completely described in the pull request.
- **Tracking Issue**: When the RFC review is nearly done and about to merge,
  a tracking issue will be created in the main TVM repository with the

>   *rfc-tracking* label (added by a committer), where implementors can continue sharing

Author: ```suggestion
  title "[RFC][Tracking][<RFC-no.>] <RFC-title>" and *rfc-tracking* label
  (added by a committer), where implementors can continue sharing
```
